Problem Statement:

You are required to write a Java program that implements a simple library management system. The system should allow librarians to add, search, and remove books from the library, and also allow library users to borrow and return books.

Your program should contain the following classes:

Book: A class that represents a book in the library. Each book should have a unique identifier, title, author name, and availability status (i.e., whether the book is available for borrowing or not).

Library: A class that represents the library. This class should have methods to add, search, and remove books from the library. It should also have a method to display all the books in the library.

User: A class that represents a library user. Each user should have a unique identifier, name, and a list of books they have borrowed from the library.

LibraryManagementSystem: A class that acts as the main driver of the library management system. This class should contain a main method that allows users to interact with the system by selecting options from a menu. The menu should contain options to add, search, and remove books from the library, as well as options to borrow and return books.

Your program should meet the following requirements:

Each book should have a unique identifier that is automatically assigned when the book is added to the library.

Users should be able to borrow a book if it is available and return a book they have borrowed.

Users should not be able to borrow more than three books at a time.

The program should handle errors gracefully and display meaningful error messages to the user.

The program should be well-documented, with clear comments explaining each class and method.

The program should be designed in an object-oriented manner, with proper encapsulation and abstraction.

The program should be implemented using Java 8 or later.

You can choose to implement additional features if you wish, as long as you meet the above requirements. Good luck!